Welcome all the way here.
Participate in the Xiao family's martial arts recruitment
It's not your Xiao family that put a bronze mirror here
block the way
What do you mean?
I'm going to explain.
This is the Sword Mirror
He can see the demons in this world
This is the threshold for recruiting relatives in this competition
What!
It is actually one of the Eight Desolate Artifacts, the Sword Mirror
Thinking of the Xiao family having such an air
The Xiao family blocked the sword demon sword here
What does it mean?
The devil conqueror's heart falls to his heart
If you cherish your blessings, the demons will retreat
It seems that the Xiao family wants to give everyone a difficult problem.
If there is no magic in your heart
Can pass smoothly
If there is a demon in your heart
You must overcome your demons
Only those who are eligible to participate in this competition
I didn't expect this competition to recruit relatives
The unfathomable martial arts of Shenluo Zhan monk
It came too
There is no magic in my heart
I will come to Beihai Hero
A martial arts genius
The peak of strength
I got it
Why is he blind?
It's really overkill
You just saw it too
I want to remind you
If you are turned against by the devil
Consequences of return are natural
Come on, come on.